# SHORT-ALGORAND-MARKETING-STRATEGY-
This is a short introduction to Algorand blockchain and a marketing plan to bring more developers and degens to Algorand.


   Blockchain can be daunting and confusing. But, it doesn’t need to be! We will outline some of the main categories to evaluate against when choosing a blockchain and we’ll explain how Algorand fares in each category. Algorand was founded with a vision to democratize finance and deliver on the blockchain promises. Algorand was founded by Silvio Micali, a Turing award winner, co-inventor of zero-knowledge proofs, and a world-renowned leader in the field of cryptography and information security. Silvio is the recipient of the Turing Award (in computer science), of the Gödel Prize (in theoretical computer science) and the RSA prize (in cryptography). He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and Accademia dei Lincei. 

Algorand is introducing a new cryptocurrency and blockchain system, where users will be able to create an account and store their value. The algorithm that drives it is committed to delivering you a better service across the board, including faster transactions, lower transaction fees, higher privacy, less volatility. Algorand is an innovative platform that is public, permissionless, decentralized blockchain enabling all organizations, individuals, and governments to transact with efficiency, security, and transparency, both internally and with each other. The platform creates a smart contract system which allows users to monetize the resources they have and provide them with value. Algorand is the first to create an Interoperable Public/Private Blockchain. By making public and private blockchains interoperable, Algorand aims to isolate and control sensitive data on a private blockchain while safely interact with the world at large through an interoperable public blockchain. At Algorand, we have been developing our co-chain architecture to enjoy the advantages of both types of blockchain. 

KEY POINTS OF ALGORAND BLOCKCHAIN

1). Algorand Virtual Machine (AVM)
    AVM runs in every nodes of algorand blockchain which verifies the the smart contract and smart signatures against the transaction they are called with. The AVM evaluates the contract logic against this transaction and ultimately results in success or failure. If a call to a smart contract fails, any changes produced by that call will not be committed to the blockchain. If the call is successful, the changes will be recorded to the blockchain when the block is committed. Smart signatures contain logic that is used to sign transactions commonly for signature delegation. The logic of the smart signature is submitted with the transaction.
   The Algorand Virtual Machine interprets an assembler-like language called Transaction Execution Approval Language (TEAL). TEAL can be thought of as syntactic sugar for AVM bytecode and the full specification of the TEAL language is available in the developer documentation. In addition, a simple overview guide explains many of the features of the language. TEAL programs are comprised of a set of operation codes (opcodes). These opcodes are used to implement the logic of smart contracts and smart signatures. The full list of opcodes is available in the developer documentation.
2). Wallet Connect
    WalletConnect opens the door to a new level of interoperability in cross-blockchain transactions, enabling dApps to communicate securely with mobile wallets. WalletConnect is not an application, nor does it run on a blockchain; It’s just an open protocol, implemented directly with algorand wallet providing a secure method to interface with existing mobile wallets.  Algorand provide a custom WalletConnect schema and a quick start guide for accelerating integrations. The official Algorand Wallet provides the industry standard for secure payment requests and application calls on a mobile phone. Importantly, user's private keys are never exposed to connected dApps and are never outside of the user's device. With Ledger Nano support integrated into our wallet, you can be sure that your crypto will be safe at all times.
3). Algorand Standard Assets
    Algorand Standard Assets are built on top of the Algorand Network, allowing a wide variety of assets to be represented by an on-chain standard. You can represent stablecoins, loyalty points and other tradable tokens that can trade like the original currency they represent. Or you can represent unique items (like single deeds for a house) that have unique ID's and rules on how they interact with each other. You can also place restrictions on your assets so as to support certain use cases such as securities compliance or certification.
     Using ASA we can easily create both fungible tokens and non fungible tokens. One easy way is by using Algodesk. Algodesk lets you create and manage assets and NFT’s on the algorand blockchain. First, you have to create algorand account using MyAlgo Wallet. Then you can connect algo wallet with the algodesk to mint tokens in both testnet and mainnet. 

